{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Pelvis indicates she\'92s given birth\
Married, right?  \
Don\'92t just focus on the ground.\
Why do you care  about my relationship with my father?  \
You were only too happy to  arrest him and put him in prison. \
It\'92s about doing my job\
Do we know if it was a bomb that caused the explosion? \
I was asking him\
A pipe bomb?   \
I can\'92t really be sure  until the explosive unit gets the van back to the lab\
I have to call \
Your bomb techs can look at it there\
You go make  that call.\
Maybe you want to talk it out.  Look\
Is this all I have to work with?  \
I always hated puzzles\
before we take the hands from the wheel\
you might want to check the fingernails for particulates\
You know I always do\
Oh, my God\
he\'92s a government bureaucrat\
you\'92re a government bureaucrat\
In name only\
But...  \
Out.\
I have to check the fingernails \
If anybody needs me,  I\'92m gonna go throw up... then do some paperwork\
this is Special Agent Frost from the Bomb Unit\
Booth pulled me out of an important lunch\
It took me  months to set up that meeting\
She\'92ll be working with you, Hodgins\
I beg your pardon?  \
He\'92s Dr. Jack Hodgins\
I do facial reconstructions\
Yeah, I know\
You can do that?     \
Oh, yeah\
License plate was destroyed but we traced the...  ...VIN number in the van\
It was registered to Jeremy Nash in Culpepper\
He looks familiar\
Man, our victim was traveling with a lot of  stuff\
Clothes, personal items\
Photo album\
Most of the pictures were burned.  But the man in this photo could be Nash\
Looks like Mrs. Nash was leaving Mr. Nash\
God, I hate domestic cases\
All right, so let\'92s go talk to the husband\
I can\'92t\
I\'92m seeing my father\
Now?! \
I would hate to appear ungrateful\
But...  I\'92ll go talk to the husband by myself\
All right, Max\
There you go\
It\'92s nice to have an important daughter\
This is Booth, not me\
Well, you thank him for me.\
I always liked Booth\
Nicest guy that ever arrested me\
So that makes me  less than you because I think people should follow the rules?\
My father\'92s a criminal\
No, outlaw\
There\'92s a difference\
I always had a problem with authority\
I just always saw myself fighting the system\
Kind of like Robin Hood\
Do you realize how ridiculous you sound? \
He was a crook\
he was going to kill you\
you walked out on Russ and me when I was  15\
But that was to protect you\
People were after us\
Because you were a criminal\
You know what?  You\'92re right\
This is my fault for expecting we could get past\
We can get past this\
We can\
The court, they\'92re gonna decide  how to punish me\
But now, here, come \
We can make this whatever we want\
Here are the cards \
I gotta go\
You remember that game that we used to play when you were five years old?  \
Blitz\
let\'92s play a couple of hands\
You always beat me.  I remember that, too\
A good father would occasionally allow his child to win\
I don\'92t believe in encouraging all that... that self-esteem crap\
You want to win?  Earn it\
That\'92s why you\'92re so good at what you do now.\
Because you know that nobody is gonna hand you anything\
So you were a great father?    \
Well, maybe just not as bad as you think\
Come on\
Let me know if you need anything else\
A bomb?\
Yeah, I\'92m sorry.\
What kind of problems?  \
That stuff was for Celia\'92s new dorm room\
She was bringing her clothes, things to help her decorate\
You\'92re F.B.I. \
Your first case?\
Just relax,  okay?  \
I\'92m just here to help\
that\'92s all?  \
How do I tell Celia?  \
How do I tell my daughter?   \
They clean the bones by eating the charred flesh\
How was your  visit with your...?\
I also would like you to look at the manubrium\
These shadows look like pitting\
Have you determined what kind of bomb was used?\
I\'92m still sifting through the debris and waiting for whatever goodies these bugs leave behind.\
And Dr. Hodgins  is just  keeping you company?  \
What?!\
I\'92m gonna go right now and work\
What are you doing down here?\
Look,  Angie\
Agent Frost is a colleague and  I am a professional\
that isn\'92t\
it\'92s involuntary\
It\'92s a bodily thing\
Yeah, that didn\'92t come out right\
Look, I\'92m not gonna deny that she is attractive\
Oh, totally hot\
What?\
The Bombshell from the Bomb Squad.\
She\'92s totally hot\
Yeah, I know\
Look, Jack\
You know who\'92s totally hot? \
You are totally\
Okay, save it\
What have you got?\
These were in Amy Nash\'92s bag\
There\'92s writing on them\
Cam needs you to restore them\
Well, I\'92ll give it a try\
... I have to do, uh... So I love you \
Nash is gonna pick up his kid...  ...tell her in person\
Tell your kid that your mother just got blown up? I would think a direct approach would be best.\
Oh, and by the way, your mom just got blown up?\
How\'92s your dad\
You haven\'92t mentioned him.  \
Apparently his feet hurt.  \
He\'92s always cheerful\
That\'92s it?  \
Well, it\'92s not like I ever really had a father\
Max was absent for years\
Nash girl would give anything to spend one more day with her mother\
you\'92d feel the same way if something happened to your father.\
Angela\'92s working on recreating the design\
This tattoo appears to have been crudely executed\
You mean like a prison tat?  \
No record of her being in prison\
In Russia, prisoners made tattoo ink by burning the heel of a shoe and  mixing it with soot and urine.\
Ah, you mean bone\
here we go\
An inverted pentagram.\
Devil worship\
Mom  had a little thing going on the side with Satan?  \
There is a design in the center  that I can\'92t quite get\
Wait\
Is that a fist?  \
Yeah.  It is a fist\
So she wasn\'92t Satan\'92s old lady\
She was in the NLA.  \
National Liberation Army\
Student radicals  in the \'9170\'92s\
Thought they could change the  world\
Set off bombs in Army recruiting offices,  torched cop cars\
Yeah, real visionaries\
They also shot and killed a cop in \'9175\
but never found\
F.B.I.\'92s been looking for them for 30 years.\
It\'92s the same woman\
 So this mom  was a killer\
You\'92re not supposed to be up here\
Booth can shoot me later\
This cannot be June Harris\
But the dentals match\
Angela\'92s reconstruction matches as well\
Amy Nash was June Harris\
She couldn\'92t have waited four days to turn herself into a charcoal briquette?  \
I don\'92t understand\
Caroline, why are you here?  \
June Harris was turning herself in\
I arranged with  her attorney for the surrender\
He was gonna deliver her on Thursday after she said goodbye to her family\
What was the deal?  \
Give Nine years.  Nine years for killing a cop?\
For turning herself in and laying this all to rest\
And since she still maintained her innocence\
a tough case to prosecute\
Sam Riley was the lead on this case for 30 years\
He was okay with nine years?\
He doesn\'92t know\
Part of the deal. \
He wasn\'92t to be consulted.  \
It\'92s okay to tell him now\
I know Him \
He deserves that much after 30 years\
Up to you\
You should bring in Huntzinger\
He might know...  ...something\
Love Huntzinger\
Real old time leftie\
Worked the Chicago Seven trial\
Let\'92s get out of here before Hodgins gives him the Pinko medal of honor\
Are you coming?\
Can\'92t.\
then I have to buy some socks for my dad\
Leave her be\
Absence makes the heart grow fonder. \
Socks?\
I have worked this...  ...case for 30 years \
It was part of the deal\
And you, Booth?  \
Don\'92t go whaling on me\
Damn lawyers\
Working a case for 30 years and you don\'92t think it deserves a damn phone call\
I\'92m talking to you.\
You\'92re yelling at me\
my ears are starting to ring\
Now I\'92m sorry that after 40 years as an agent for the F.B.I\
you\'92re still a little girl\
But  I\'92d like to find out who killed June  Harris. \
So how about you stop whining and help?\
So how have you been, Sam?  \
Shut up\
I\'92m ready.  \
Well, we just want to ask you a few questions about June Harris\'92 death\
I loved June Harris\
I loved what she stood for and what she did with her life\
Nobody has her balls anymore\
Except maybe Neil Watkins.\
Blame another revolutionary\
Do you know where Watkins is?\
You ever hear of obstruction of justice?\
Cooperating with the system...   ...perpetuates that system\
And if the system is corrupt\
Watkins and Harris were not heroes\
You want to  know how they changed  society?  \
Ask the kid whose father they killed\
He became a cop just like his father! \
Very  touching! \
You son of a...  \
You just hit a federal  agent\
Good thing you brought your toothpaste\
What a surprise!  \
Lock me up to shut me up.\
You should be talking to that  kid Valente instead of busting my ass! \
See these bruises?  \
Nice and soft\
I\'92ll be the best dressed on cell block eight.\
Thanks.  Sure\
Honey, I\'92m sorry\
For what?   \
For... for being such a disappointment as a father.  \
You deserve better\
Well, what were you expecting?  \
I agree with you\
I was expecting some tears, or a hug, or something\
I did apologize\
That\'92s what you wanted, isn\'92t it?  \
Of course \
you have a horrible human being for a father\
But I\'92m trying to move on\
I got caught so that I could be with you\
I\'92m here, aren\'92t I?  \
I got you shampoo\
Soap isn\'92t good for your hair\
That\'92s better.\
It wouldn\'92t hurt if you  had some good things to say about your old man\
Might even offer to testify in my behalf\
Maybe you\'92d  like me to alter evidence now?  \
That way I could join the family business\
How can you think that?   \
Wait.  Please.     \
Electrophoresis...  ...and HPLC shows potassium nitrate\
charcoal and sulfur in a 75/15/10 ratio\
You are a constant surprise\
I don\'92t know many people who get as excited as I do about the chemical makeup of explosives\
Well, I like complex molecular structures\
Hey, how\'92s it coming with the... the detonator?  \
Seems to be a wristwatch\
Pretty much destroyed in the blast\
Microscopic glass chips\
Probably the crystal\
So where do you want me to dump this junk?  \
You\'92re tossing the air filter?\
I tested it for explosive residue\
It was blown free from the car\
Yeah, even better.\
Don\'92t touch my things\
Watch her\
She was shot, too?\
The injury presented itself when I was removing shrapnel from the reconstructed shoulder\
Are you sure it\'92s not from the bomb or the fire?  \
The fragments are lead in a copper alloy coating\
Yeah, that\'92s a bullet\
I didn\'92t find any dried blood on her clothes\
When was she shot?\
Damage from the blast makes it difficult to tell when the shooting occurred.\
I\'92m going to check the remodeling to estimate a time\
Hitting the top of the shoulder wouldn\'92t be a severe injury\
She could bandage herself and still be ambulatory\
You know, you could say \'93walk around\'94 instead.\
June Harris murdered his father\
He has a gun\
He\'92s a good kid\
He didn\'92t do it\
But that is meaningless speculation\
Is she really necessary?  \
Change can be difficult to accept\
If she were a guy, I\'92d deck her\
Well, you know, that distinction is no longer necessary\
But I wouldn\'92t recommend it\
credit card records show that you bought gas near June Harris\'92 home.  \
I didn\'92t know where she lived\
Just the town from the postmark on the letter\
She should\'92ve had the nerve to come talk to me face to face\
So that\'92s when you went to Huntzinger? \
And hit him\
He protects people like her\
I was five years old when my father was killed.  \
.  I didn\'92t believe her. \
I sat by that window waiting every day for months\
You seem pretty angry about that. \
Why didn\'92t you tell me what you were gonna do?\
You\'92d try and talk me out of it\
Did you know how  little time she was going to serve?   \
Because that might make someone  take matters into their own hands.   \
I\'92m a cop, man\
I didn\'92t blow her up\
I\'92m gonna  need your gun.  Why?\
Because June Harris  was shot \
We\'92d like to make sure the bullet didn\'92t come from your gun\
You\'92re gonna let \'91em do this to me\
It\'92s just a formality\
Then let\'92s be formal\
Get a warrant\
Ballistics says the bullet was not a match\
Booth should have that report first\
He\'92s the lead\
she must be really good in bed \
 I can\'92t see any other reason you keep her around here\
I am.  Very good\
But Booth has no direct knowledge of that fact.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}